Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so I liked where you had me hadn't asked for their
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can get me up there again.
Rhonda Towne: The dashboard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I didn't want me propped up somewhere sitting up there.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I was sitting right there. I don't
Rhonda Towne: Know I
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't see me. All right. Yeah, I can see right there. If you can make that. Oh, that's great. Okay, cool, because this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got a little upset stomach and then moving screen. Kind of makes me nauseous. I got to look at people's
Gwenevere Abriel: screens all day kind of gets to me.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I bet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay well enough about me. Let's, um, let me check in on
Rhonda Towne: Are you getting sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you eating, are you
Gwenevere Abriel: In a lot of pain, keep me up to date.
Rhonda Towne: Yesterday I fell at work.
Rhonda Towne: And I my skin.
Rhonda Towne: underneath those shots.
Rhonda Towne: And now I got a huge giant like
Rhonda Towne: The it's kind of, um, how would you say it's, it's, of course, it's a colon, and it's purple and blue and red.
Rhonda Towne: And yeah, I'm hoping that goes away. I just
Rhonda Towne: Yeah. Other than that, I mean, and then my appetite and it comes and goes, I guess.
Rhonda Towne: I'm not
Rhonda Towne: Much of an eater eater really eat like a lot and I don't eat at work. That's the last place they eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. All right, let me get a note open here and
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: I was thinking about you. I ran across an interesting little assessment around self compassion and I thought maybe we could explore that today.
Rhonda Towne: Okay. Yeah, that might be interesting, first I wanna
They feel safe close, we'll see when we last met
You last met was
Gwenevere Abriel: February 1 okay we waited a little long on this one. We wait a little longer than a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: See. Oh, so close to one, I can grab that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: giving me a hard time
Gwenevere Abriel: So have you looked at the hospital bills to see what number you're at
Rhonda Towne: I haven't done that lately and
Rhonda Towne: I like I said, Randy, hasn't he started just started working so I kind of have no choice but to work right now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many weeks or months. Has he been out of work.
Rhonda Towne: Oh god, it was almost I'm Missy, he was working all or January.
Rhonda Towne: About the entire month of March.
Rhonda Towne: And maybe a week.
Rhonda Towne: Not march February.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, right. Yeah, so all of February and March.
Rhonda Towne: Again,
Rhonda Towne: No, no, he just started working. Yeah. No, he isn't working all month and this month, but it was February. He was completely out. Okay.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I was just kind of upset because he had an interview with
Rhonda Towne: Air gas at the he has he has. He has all his endorsement or license.
Rhonda Towne: A hazmat he can transport.
Rhonda Towne: Hazardous Materials tanker and all that and is CBL and the guy that for air gas told him that he's hired. Okay, so he was working the last job, and he was working part time for this.
Rhonda Towne: thrift store driving their turbo and video they needed. So he was driving that taking things here and there. So he left that thrift store to start an air gas because the guy told him that he has a job automatically and yet.
Rhonda Towne: The entire he left that store and the guy never called, nothing, nothing, nothing, the whole book in month of March or anything worry
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Rhonda Towne: So he left that job for nothing. You know what I mean. I was, I was so mad. I was
Rhonda Towne: I mean airgas yes and good company. I mean, it wasn't like 20 to $24 an hour. That's what he was counting on and yet.
Rhonda Towne: The guy just, I don't know what the heck happened. He kept he went he kept going to the office and checking up on it and
Rhonda Towne: It was just a big mess. I was so upset. I was like,
Rhonda Towne: He left that job that he was okay with. I mean, it wasn't the greatest job in the world. But still it was income to come for this one. And yet you never even
Rhonda Towne: You know and i mean i do
Gwenevere Abriel: And that put a lot of pressure on you.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, because I was only one working
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been in that position before where not only you know kids but but you were the primary breadwinner for a little while, but you've been in that position before
Rhonda Towne: No, never. Not even when I was married to the dad never
Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: Know, yeah. I never been know if that's ever happened to me before.
Rhonda Towne: I thought were
Rhonda Towne: Appealing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were talking about last time you
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to say. Also, I don't know if I you right now using Medicaid or different health care insurance.
Rhonda Towne: I'm using Medicaid right now. Okay.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, well, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Thought I saw someone I'd have to confirm, but I know you were trying to make your way over to Tempe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I saw something come across where Arizona is
Gwenevere Abriel: They are providing services, but I don't know if it's just for commercial and self pay, but there are services there through bright heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, there's some political things going on associated with this sort of global crisis that we're all in and it may impact an increase availability.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the physicians to prescribe in other states. So I'll keep you posted if something changes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that still on your radar. I know there's
Rhonda Towne: You know we when he was out of work HIS BROTHER LIVES IN VEGAS.
Rhonda Towne: And we were actually thinking about moving to Vegas. Okay. And either way. I'm back in Tempe.
Rhonda Towne: It's called access their, their Medicaid program and I had an ex. I had a doctor there Dr dinsdale
Rhonda Towne: But the thing. Oh, I don't know. The only thing is, we didn't none of it. I only saw him once a month. That's it. No therapy. Nothing. Um, and it was Suboxone he not Suboxone sub effects that he prescribed the pill one which was
Rhonda Towne: I just, I don't know. It has its ups and downs. I guess on that one. But yeah.
Rhonda Towne: Um, but yeah it. I had my own doctor out there so
Rhonda Towne: I probably would have looked back into that had I decided to go there. Okay, but I don't know about Vegas so that you know i mean
Gwenevere Abriel: How serious are you thinking about going to Vegas.
Rhonda Towne: Nevada. Well, this is one, he didn't have a job.
Rhonda Towne: His brother had everything lined up to now that he's working again.
Rhonda Towne: We're okay for now but on what we both been saying was on since my daughter strand is graduating this year and this may be the only one that leaves is Jacob and he's 17 so once he's done with school that's pretty much the only thing that's keeping us here is the kids.
Rhonda Towne: Are all grown. I mean after 18. I mean, I'm like,
Rhonda Towne: It's time for me now.
Okay.
Rhonda Towne: So,
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: And then on my second one, Josh, um, they completely cancel has a PD thing.
Rhonda Towne: The training everything
Rhonda Towne: So he was supposed to be doing that right now. So we had no job, but to work. Keep working till he had they reopen everything
Rhonda Towne: And then my second son Maya was working at this place called horse angel or some kind of bar where you can eat and whatever you he was working in a kitchen and they will evolve that down so I got him a job where I work. So
Rhonda Towne: Yeah I yesterday was his first day and everybody was like you. Yeah, that's your son. And I'm like, yeah. And they're like, No way, you know,
Rhonda Towne: I'm old.
Rhonda Towne: Buddy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, you do have
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a real young look to you, you do
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, everybody always thought I mean I have little kids or no kids or something. And I'm like, I trust me. I said, I'm my
Gwenevere Abriel: Age beautifully really do.
Know,
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I think it's just
Rhonda Towne: I mean, I'm so glad I didn't do anything. When I was younger, or when I was pregnant with my kids. My name is hit Tylenol, with all my kids. And now I'm like, my body is mine. I
Rhonda Towne: Want but yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and I
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I heard in there. It's sort of a nice tie in to the topic that I was thinking of covering which was about self compassion because it sounds like when you said this is time for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you've. It's not a sense of I've sacrificed a lot of time to my children.
Rhonda Towne: You know, what is it, yeah. I mean, I'm. That's what I tell my kids I said I dropped out of high school, I was valedictorian that year. You know what I mean. I dropped everything to have Josh, I decided to do the right thing of getting married to your dad.
Rhonda Towne: You know what I mean to do the whole family thing. I gave up pretty much everything to have you guys now I'm not asking for reward or anything by said now that you guys are all older
Rhonda Towne: Um, it's, it's, it's, it's my turn. I want to move where I want to move. You know what I mean. I want to see the world or whatever.
Rhonda Towne: So yeah I and I told them, I said. And then, and my kids, they're all. I mean, none of them are drug addicts. They all are going to finish high school. You know what I mean, if that's the last to
Rhonda Towne: The older to did and they are all going to go to school. So yeah, man. I might know I didn't waste all those years, just so you guys could screw around
Rhonda Towne: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to move or I want to move. I want to see the world or whatever.
Rhonda Towne: I just want to travel. That's what I wanted to do. Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: So that's what I told him, I said, you guys are not going to waste your lives.
Rhonda Towne: For what I sacrifice.
Rhonda Towne: You have so much still to do
Rhonda Towne: So, and that's what I tell the boys, I said, that means no girlfriends know skinks coming around whatever you're going to finish school and you're going to provide for your family should come, you know,
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, not living paycheck to paycheck. I said, No, you're going to school first and then you can think about
Rhonda Towne: Having a girlfriend or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this ties into one of your goals. Today's the day we got to review some of those goals which is live a full life. Notice that what you just said is that a big piece of what's missing is the traveling and go where you want to go.
Rhonda Towne: I think that is but
Rhonda Towne: My number one is always the kids, you know, and I mean I have to watch out for them, no matter what. And as long as they're happy, then I I'm all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does that match with you're wanting to travel because
Rhonda Towne: I can't do it yet until they're all grown
Rhonda Towne: Till I know that there will pay and then I can finally
Rhonda Towne: You know,
Rhonda Towne: We go my way
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to that thought. I want you to project a year into the future, because you've decided it is it you've decided 18 is when they're okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: It is very possible, given the number of your children that someone's not going to be okay. Are you still going to give yourself permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be happy and live where you want to live, whatever it is, because
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot of years left in their life.
Gwenevere Abriel: When, when do you get to go live. Maybe it's a relocation. I don't know what it will be for you, but it right now, it's looking like this. It's been either or it's been sacrificing your happiness for your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have been happy because they are healthy and happy and going to school and I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But remember live a full life if you put it on hold. Again, because one of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't know what to do or is unhappy. You see the challenge that you might get held back again.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can you put the two together. How can you still be moving forward towards something that you want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe allowing your children to maybe go through their own frustration their own difficulties, but you get to be happy if one of them isn't happy. How can you put those two things together. Will you be able to, is it even something possible
Rhonda Towne: I actually, I that isn't possible. I know that because let's see about two, maybe three weeks ago somewhere right around there.
Rhonda Towne: The one that's working with me now Maya. That's kind of my underlying wasn't only to help them get a job, but I did it to keep an eye on him, because where he will one day his dad just text me, call me in the morning and he was like
Rhonda Towne: This morning, Maya came back from work. He's all usually he gets off about one or two in the morning, you know, the bars or whatever they closed late
Rhonda Towne: So he said, no, this morning. He came walking in and he smelled alcohol and my out if he is. He's not like that. My eyes just the last person you would think would
Rhonda Towne: You know what I mean. And I was like what happened, I guess, and then Travis said he was frustrated. He just tell it, saying that he
Rhonda Towne: He doesn't feel worthy to do anything. He doesn't want to do any just working, working, I said, well, he needs to go to school, he needs to get back into school he needs to do something for himself all he's doing. He's got too much time on his hands. Okay, so
Rhonda Towne: I was it really shocked me. And it really hurt my feelings, because they know how I feel about alcohol and anything drugs or whatever.
Rhonda Towne: But thank God. He didn't do any of that. It was just our call. So I took like three days off of work because
Rhonda Towne: I mean, I don't know my son's going through crisis. I'm going to be there. Okay, so his older brother, Josh, the one that's in the academy.
Rhonda Towne: Had to take off. Few days as well. And I told him, maybe talk to your brother, because
Rhonda Towne: Maybe he just needs a somebody his age or something because I'm going to be mom. I'm going to sit there and I'm gonna let her have more than anything. I mean, yeah, I'll be there for my son, but it's different from a mom to a brother. Yeah, so
Rhonda Towne: He was even talking about moving out and everything. And I told me if you move out. It's not the right way. It's not your movie now because of what any any felt guilty. So I mean we just had this whole crisis at home or bit and it finally died down and he finally decided to stay home.
Rhonda Towne: He wasn't going to drink again and I guess it was just some friends at work too as well.
Rhonda Towne: And I was. And then there are times in the evening when I do go to his work to give him like a drink or Red Bull or something and
Rhonda Towne: I saw one of the person he was. I guess he was hanging out with and I just went off on that guy.
Rhonda Towne: I know my didn't appreciate it but I was like
Rhonda Towne: I said, I don't know if you have a mother, but this is my son, whatever the hell you're doing. I said, Do not park with my son.
Rhonda Towne: I will come up for you. This is Mom talking. I said your mom. I don't know. She drinks or whatever. What I said that's not our family that's not our household, my son doesn't know that life.
Rhonda Towne: I said just, I said, Stay away from my son.
Rhonda Towne: So when the bars closed down. I don't know, in a way, it was kind of a blessing, I guess. So I got him the job where I'm at, just, I don't know, keep an eye on him, or whatever. But he's, he seems to be all right i mean
Gwenevere Abriel: How many days a week.
Rhonda Towne: Same as me. Five, six days a week.
Rhonda Towne: He's only off on Saturdays.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's the one that has one more year of high school.
Rhonda Towne: No, that's Jacob. That's my youngest one, he said.
Maya.
Rhonda Towne: Maya is just turned 20 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And he just was hasn't really found what he wants to do. He doesn't have any passion for anything at this point. So it's kind of he's kind of aimless, you know,
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, we gave him. We decided his dad and I decided to give him some time after high school, you know, to do what he wants to do because he's been working since he was 16 they've all my kids have all had jobs at 16 and
Rhonda Towne: I don't know. He's had his own car in high school. I don't know if it was too much leniency, but
Rhonda Towne: I, I told him it now. My is time to start going to school. So the summer. I told him I do you want to or not, I will go with you to seeing him.
Rhonda Towne: And you're going to register for some classes because you can't keep working these kinds of jobs, you need to you need to go to school, you're still young. Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: I know, yeah.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, the right thing. He started in high school.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that sounds like the assertive communication that you don't have a second thought around when it comes to your children, you don't really have a problem with speaking your mind with asserting your values.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so interesting. The, the juxtaposition between what you will do to advocate for your children versus what you will do to advocate for yourself. It's like, it's so different.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah i i think i noticed that in a way how
Rhonda Towne: I don't know my kids I don't know when it's your kids different versus you always put yourself last summer, like I out
Rhonda Towne: Either you just you just think of yourself. Last one. When it comes to the kids. I guess that I don't. That's how I am. I don't know.
Okay.
Rhonda Towne: I don't know, I, I've seen other women, where they don't even care about their kids are
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an extreme. Do you think there are people that are somewhere in the middle.
Rhonda Towne: I'm pretty sure they balanced it out. I mean, they'd be learn
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm talking about when I said
Gwenevere Abriel: picturing that someone might be in distress. So what's going on with my right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The extreme is your happiness is on hold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus, making sure that you have happiness also
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't an either or not. It's your choice, obviously. But my concern, of course, is always if you're not doing things that you enjoy in your life, the risk of going back and wanting to escape into a substance stays high we want to lower that
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
That's my
Rhonda Towne: That's what I notice that date, those three days. That was how I mean I've never experienced anything like anything like that with my kids. I never meant never even my mind. My dad even fathom it
Rhonda Towne: And those three days I was like I was so stressed. I wasn't sleeping. I wasn't even eating.
Rhonda Towne: I think I lost like 10 pounds. And I thought, God, I wish I could escape into something
Rhonda Towne: You know, I mean I escaped into something but yet I i'm still there for my son, no matter. You know what I mean, whatever. But I thought I can't do that because just freaking hypocrite. I'm going to tell them no drugs, no nothing. And then here I am.
Rhonda Towne: You know,
Rhonda Towne: I said, I can't do that. I gotta eventually grow up. I'm I mean I'm old. It's time to grow up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You caught it. That's a big deal. Rhonda what you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So now you see why for these months and I think we're going on years at this point when I keep saying let's be vigilant, let's keep looking at relapse prevention, what are the triggers. Is it exhaustion. Is it pain. Is it that you're sacrificing your own happiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: We needed to keep looking at it and you caught it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you caught that you had a choice you caught that you wanted to escape the uncertainty, probably a little bit of fear. What's going to happen to my son. I don't know what to do some of those
Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
I was
Rhonda Towne: I mean I driveway and I'd be crying at our
Rhonda Towne: Book, but I didn't show it to them.
Rhonda Towne: I mean I broke down on my oldest son. You know what I mean is it different, but when it came to my, I was like I had to keep my shit together. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you the neat thing is you thought about the negative consequences. I don't want to be a hiccup hypocrite. I want to be a role model for my kids and part of it is when you call grow up. I'm assuming you're saying stop escaping and use making excuses for using substances.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want that.
Gwenevere Abriel: For your kids, right, you're telling your son, don't drink and here you are. Well, now I'm going to go use a drug. So that would make me a hypocrites, you caught it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what now one more thing you did some crying. Who did you reach out to talk about the feelings, because you didn't reach out to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what to did you talk to, who do you trust where you've got to really let it all out. Who are you talking to you through get to get support through this
Rhonda Towne: Wow.
Rhonda Towne: I, I will I cry to my oldest, but I think it was a different reaching out versus Randy.
Rhonda Towne: It was pretty much Rodney that
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you tell me
What you told him, but
Rhonda Towne: At the same time, I, I, kind of, I'm kind of had a hard time because he doesn't have kids, he does not know the closes, we have is the dog. You know what I mean. And I told him. You know what I mean I'm I'm hurting here, my, my heart is broken.
Rhonda Towne: And I said,
Rhonda Towne: It's my it's my on you know he knows about it and
Rhonda Towne: I said it's
Rhonda Towne: I don't know what to knew how to keep it together.
Rhonda Towne: And I said, you don't know i mean i said i wish you knew what it was like to have a kid.
Rhonda Towne: You know, you'd give both your kidneys for them or whatever.
Rhonda Towne: Yes. Yep. There, there's a difference. Yeah. You know, I said, I wish he knew what I was going through, but he was there, nonetheless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you were at least able to show some of that what you're sharing. Now, just the, the intensity of how
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you scared that something might happen.
Rhonda Towne: again in the future. I think he said he's learned is less than alcohol, he goes. Now I know, Mom, why you say you know alcohol is disgusting because it was I only tried it one time and he goes, I promise you I'll never do it again. But the one thing that we all my son Josh and I had to
Rhonda Towne: Was had a hard time with was their dad their dad is
Rhonda Towne: You know what I mean is, I'm not he
Rhonda Towne: He understands so much but it's more a district that strict thing like you screwed up. You're out of my house kind of deal. And I'm like,
Rhonda Towne: You can't judge him. You can't always not trust him now because of what happened. That's different. I, I told him you. You just have to talk to him, and you can't judge him. I mean, we've all been there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So did you kick him out.
Rhonda Towne: Know, he, he just, he didn't. And he just told me he goes, well, my eye.
Rhonda Towne: You did what you did and we won't talk about it again.
Rhonda Towne: That's all he said, man, they just gave him a hug and and stuff like that. But it took Josh and mine to talk to his dad first before he went off on Maya.
Rhonda Towne: I tell them, if you question him. If you talk down to him or anything. He will never trust you yet. You won't ever open up to you about anything.
Rhonda Towne: He'll feel judged. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. And I said, just leave it like it as it is like another day, just don't. But it didn't happen kind of deal just be there for your son me your son's going through some things. Didn't you notice anything
Rhonda Towne: And I don't know I text my kids. I don't know how many times a day. And I always ask them, you know how they're doing everything okay today. I've always done that. That's always there.
Rhonda Towne: And it just
Rhonda Towne: I honest to God never thought
Rhonda Towne: I'd see
Rhonda Towne: Maya going through any of this. And he does not look like the type I mean he just, he just was the last person I thought would have done anything
Rhonda Towne: But
Rhonda Towne: He seems to be fine. And then I was kind of relieved to now that he's working with me keep an eye on him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Rhonda Towne: That's my motive. I'm he doesn't know it but i mean you know what I mean.
Rhonda Towne: I just need to know he's there all the time. I just need to know where he is.
Rhonda Towne: So, and that's what they were doing was, he was like, well, my boss said, we can file for unemployment and I'm like, No, you're young, you can work.
Rhonda Towne: Those benefits still come from whatever you are working that still your money, save it.
Rhonda Towne: For when you really need it. I said, you're young, you can get a job and I call my boss and she was like, she didn't even interview him. She just hired him.
Rhonda Towne: So yeah, I sit here.
Rhonda Towne: That's what I always tell them you guys are young. There's so much you can do.
Rhonda Towne: I mean, if I was your age, and I you know what I mean, no kids, I, who knows what I would have been able to accomplish.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if that's part of how your heart aches.
Gwenevere Abriel: For yourself to give yourself that space that
Gwenevere Abriel: You missed out on some of that freedom to
Rhonda Towne: Oh yeah but
Rhonda Towne: Like when I was still 19 and I was still having my kids I used him go through a depression phase every May, you know, and I new kids are graduating, because I never i didn't i didn't ever graduate. I used to
Rhonda Towne: would pass like month or two later, but
Rhonda Towne: I mean, when I knew you know when I would hear oh so so graduating, blah, blah. And I'm like,
Rhonda Towne: It just hurt me that I didn't get to do that.
Rhonda Towne: Now they have so much programs. You know what I mean, you can still have a baby and still being school and and everything, but back then it was like you didn't do that.
Rhonda Towne: You know,
Rhonda Towne: There was no no option but to drop out of school.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you do your when you have your those important conversations with Randy. Do you include okay well let's say we move to Nevada. A year from now, or whenever
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you include things like I think I might want to go back to school over there, too, is that part of the conversation or do you keep that quiet.
Rhonda Towne: No, I haven't really said much about that. Um, I just
Rhonda Towne: It's always
Rhonda Towne: We always think about, oh gosh there's more opportunities there to do stuff.
Rhonda Towne: I mean,
Rhonda Towne: Here, like with school
Rhonda Towne: Sir, little certain things. I'm like, I, I need help. I gotta go talk to Josh about school stuff, you know, and he he's like, okay.
Rhonda Towne: So, but I think he knows there's an underlining
Rhonda Towne: Wanting to go back to school. He knows
Rhonda Towne: And I've even asked her, that I'm like you're a veteran. It's free for you to go to school. Why haven't you pursued more he would have been
Rhonda Towne: An EMT, had he not dropped out like
Rhonda Towne: Almost a year before he was supposed to be finished.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're talking about Randy.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So i can i disagree a little bit with he he should know
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I know, I, but I'm my woman I'm thinking he should automatically know that
Rhonda Towne: But this I mean
Rhonda Towne: I mean, being here i mean i i
Rhonda Towne: Don't know whole
School
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been in school, you were gone to school out here and I'm just, I'm just bringing it up. I don't have a second I'm looking at our at the goals of years here and I don't see one that's, you know, you used to have stuff like go back to school, used to be in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see it in here anymore, but it used to see. I want to have a savings account make an appointment with hospital look into gym membership. I don't see anything about school, but I know you used to talk about it a lot. I need to register again.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I need to do.
Rhonda Towne: I know. Well, I believe. Actually, I don't believe, but I know I only have one class left at CNN and I'm pretty much done there. I already applied to you and am I got approved and I paid my dollar theme.
Rhonda Towne: That's the only part that I haven't gotten to it, the financial part of it.
Rhonda Towne: Because
Rhonda Towne: I only got basketball for like $2,000 because it's just me. Yeah, would have been different had I had four kids and apply professor, but
Rhonda Towne: She was like, do you have Kansas. Yeah. I have four. And she's like, well, you can include them. And I'm like, but they're older. Two of them are older, a mama. You know what I mean. I was trying to be honest. But the lady was like no, you can include them still. And I'm like, No, I can't.
Rhonda Towne: But I read the paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, they're not. They're if they're like, under what 23 you can't use them as dependence.
Rhonda Towne: Kenya. This under 18
Gwenevere Abriel: I was thinking for tax purposes, maybe
Rhonda Towne: Okay, yeah, they all by older the older to file their own taxes, the younger, too.
Rhonda Towne: We just found out Cheyenne was pretty much worthless 18 you know get anything for 18 year olds. You can Jacobs only good for another year he 17
Rhonda Towne: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask you one question, CNN, just because you already know in your head, what the answer is. But I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: You have one more class until what happens after one more class. The he
Rhonda Towne: Was no
Rhonda Towne: I have my credit
For what
Rhonda Towne: For my phlebotomy my medical assistance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
A base.
Rhonda Towne: Cheap
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, that will take us seeing them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have one class at CNN left
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to correct me qualify for my phlebotomy license like the
Rhonda Towne: medicals I already been provided me yeah I already had that certification.
Gwenevere Abriel: medical license. I'm sorry, medical license. So you have classes seat at CNN left nerd a qualified to sit for and take the Medical Licensing test right
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, and all that you and him. I can't take any of those certain the among the majority of the rest of the classes after your associates only had the met you and him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I just asked you something. How much is that class.
Rhonda Towne: Um, it's like one of them, I believe, is 894 and a paper somewhere in the house.
Rhonda Towne: Okay, that is one class.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what 894 is it
Rhonda Towne: What do you mean hundred 90
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, thank you. $894 for one class.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah. And then, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said you have, how much of that covered through student loan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or four da followership
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing.
Rhonda Towne: That's what
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone you have one class that's going to cost $1,000 let's just round it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that to sit with that for a second. You could have the ability to sit for the license to work in a field that probably interests you more. Am I right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Now, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many thousands of dollars. Have you paid off on that pile of medical bills that you don't like to look at how much money have you paid off.
Rhonda Towne: Maybe almost two, I would say about almost 2000
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that make you think about
Rhonda Towne: I mean, I probably I probably honestly would have been done by now. If
Rhonda Towne: Like with this job that he didn't have come up or
Rhonda Towne: Something with the kid they needed braces. I tried getting them through through Medicaid Jacob was the automatic approval losses on just kept saying it's an automatic approval because of because of his bike.
Rhonda Towne: We
Rhonda Towne: I even went to the office took the paperwork everything Medicaid was asking for and it's still an item i, four times and still nothing that's 125 every month just for him and 125 for Cheyenne every month for the next 30
Rhonda Towne: To 50 months for them. So I mean just
Rhonda Towne: keeps coming. And I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, I get it. And that's a trap, and I get. I get it. We could call them golden handcuffs right we're grateful that they're golden we're keeping money coming in, but you may feel trapped at this job.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's my question to you, have you sat down and this is, and I know it's probably uncomfortable, but just so we can see real numbers. Notice I wanted to see the actual number because if you sat down and you looked up how much a medical assistant would make
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see it there might be two months where you were sitting on more debt than you are comfortable with. But maybe after the third month maybe after the fourth month you had extra money, not only to pay down the thousand dollar debt to the school, but now you have money.
Gwenevere Abriel: To pay for things for your kids start to save for a big travel, you know, some big adventure and you're happy going to work.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heaven forbid Rhonda be happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it doesn't say to the world. You don't love your children, it doesn't. There's no way your kids would see it that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's look at the timeframe. It's how long is a class. Is it three months. Okay, look at realistically. I mean, if you just black and white, put it on paper. Now, I might not have all the numbers right in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're almost done.
Rhonda Towne: And yeah, I
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I have like they I was looking what I was talking to the advisor at Union and when, if I keep my classes spring in some fall. It'll be within two years, but I always like to go during the summer when nobody there, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just get clear, hold on. I got confused. I heard one class. Now, I hear two years. How do those two things go to tell me what you mean.
Rhonda Towne: That's where the rest of the, the, quote, the rest of the the credits. I need like I said some of the classes. They don't offer a seen him. They only offer at you and him. So when I transfer to you. And then I had another two years before I'm done though major classes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there I had, I was off, I would. You see, I was thinking you only have one more credit and
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't mean done. Okay, so there's more more time, more money, more effort that's needed. Still, it's two years, two years, you've probably been in this program for two years, it passes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very fast Rhonda.
Rhonda Towne: I know hey I was. I thought about that, especially with Josh. My oldest. You know what I mean. I mean, he has his bachelor's he has, you know, everything in his masters and I'm like,
Rhonda Towne: I seen him struggle I seen him go to school, of course, he's really smart young he can remember everything. And I thought, Wow, he's already done, and here I am just playing around. I could have been, you know,
Rhonda Towne: Finish.
Rhonda Towne: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to keep reminding you of the things that you shared with me about what's important, because when I see you. It just looks like sacrifice, sacrifice, sacrifice and I get on with you. I would give all my internal organs for my children to I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: With you on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. It's very clear and I will the needle move from that position. I'm with you on that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there are times when parents have to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to refuel I need to rest. I need to have meantime it doesn't say to a child, I don't love you and you're not important. It says
Gwenevere Abriel: I have got to do this job of being a parent and person, but I need rest I need time for reflection I need to read something I enjoy do something. I enjoy. That's part of being a parent to is teaching self care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Modeling
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all I'm introducing that part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rhonda. I want to, we're at the end of the hour. I wanted to do this thing with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you do a screenshot of it and maybe we could, if you give it some think
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can explore it next time.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's two pages if you only get to some of it that's fine because they're
Gwenevere Abriel: So that one. Tell me when you took the picture.
Rhonda Towne: Or
Rhonda Towne: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And then here's Page two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through 26 to see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So when you have time
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe you're in a moment where you're reflecting hey what about my life satisfaction. Am I just, just give, give, giving. Let me see if I can also take a look at my including self compassion. Am I still paying attention to my recovery, am I paying attention to my long term goals to
Gwenevere Abriel: This might be a place to start just kind of take a peek at those and it might be a point of discussion for us. The next time.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, yeah, I'll do that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's set something in place in. Let's see, April, May be like
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you don't know your schedule all the way into April.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could we say
Rhonda Towne: Okay, April.
Gwenevere Abriel: Between April 13 and April 17 somewhere. Is there a way to guess what it might work.
Rhonda Towne: And Missy, Missy, I can ask
Rhonda Towne: Lately I've been getting Wednesday's off inside this
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, why don't we do this. How about
Gwenevere Abriel: Will do.
Gwenevere Abriel: On April 15
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, that'll work. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So write that in your calendar and then
Gwenevere Abriel: When the schedule comes out, you can double check that. And will you know when I see you in group. I'll be keeping reminding and then you may know a schedule and you'll say, Oh, okay. No, no, I gotta move that I'm working that day so
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be a reminder when I review in group. Hey, our next appointment is April 15 you can check your work schedule we can update it, change it if we need to. Okay.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah yeah yeah well that that'll work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give some thought to that that screenshot that you took, see if you can fill it out if you want to, you could send me the responses and an email and then I can kind of put it into a note for us. That's something to explore next time.
Rhonda Towne: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Europe, you're, you're sure are good mama.
Rhonda Towne: My. Thank you. I
Rhonda Towne: I mean, I wish I heard that from their dad, but no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your I wanted you to hear it. You are a good momma. And remember to be a good friend to you, please, please, be a good friend to you, your kids are going to want their mom to be happy. The same way you want them happy. They want their mama to be happy to. They do.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah, I'll work on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're all working on it.
Rhonda Towne: Yeah.
Rhonda Towne: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to you later.
Bye.